http.lua: allow setting HTTP1 reason phrase (#22847)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/configuration/http/http_filters/lua_filter.rst

Replaces a header. *key* is a string that supplies the header key. *value* is a string that supplies
the header value. If the header does not exist, it is added as per the *add()* function.

setHttp1ReasonPhrase()
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: lua

  headers:setHttp1ReasonPhrase(reasonPhrase)

> Sets a custom HTTP1 response reason phrase. This call is *only valid in the response flow*.
> *reasonPhrase* is a string that supplies the reason phrase value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets a custom HTTP/1 response reason phrase. This call is *only valid in the response flow*.
*reasonPhrase* is a string that supplies the reason phrase value. Additionally this call only
effects HTTP/1 connections. It will have no effect if the client is HTTP/2 or HTTP/3.
```
